docs: ahead of v1.3.1 (#1544)
hyperledger/firefly: doc-site/docs/reference/types/_includes/contractlistener_description.md

Check out the [Custom Contracts Tutorial](../../tutorials/custom_contracts/index.md) for
a walk-through of how to set up listeners for the events from your smart contracts.

See below for a deep dive into the format of contract listeners and important concepts to understand when managing them.

### Multiple filters

From v1.3.1 onwards, a contract listener can be created with multiple filters under a single topic when supported by the connector.

Before this change, each contract listener would only support listening to one specific event from an interface previously defined. Each listener would be comprised of:

- a reference to a specific blockchain event to listen for
- (optional) a specific location/address to listen from
- a connector-specific signature (generated from the event), which allows you to easily identify and search for the contact listener for an event
- a `topic` which determines the ordered stream that these events are part of

> This format is still supported by the API. However, it may not fully guarantee accurate ordering of events coming from multiple listeners, even if they share the same `topic` (such as during cases of blockchain catch-up, or when one listener is created much later than the others).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backwards compatibility the `event` and `signature` fields are still supported by the API. They contain the `event` from the first `filters` entry.
```

I _think_ this is the point being made here? Not sure. Overall this paragraph seems a little confusing.

Reviewer: No, you've made that point below.

I think this paragraph just needs removing

Reviewer: > it may not fully guarantee accurate ordering of events coming from multiple listeners

This statement has nothing to do with the API input/output format. I think you've elsewhere made the point how the new flexibility of allowing `len(filter) > 1` is a good thing.

From v1.3.1, you can supply multiple filters on a single listener. Each filter contains:

- a reference to a specific blockchain event to listen for
- (optional) a specific location/address to listen from
- a connector-specific signature (generated from the event and the location)

In addition to this list of multiple filters, the listener specifies a single `topic` to identify the stream of events. This new feature will allow better management of contract listeners and strong ordering of all of the events your application cares about.

> Note: For backwards compatibility, the response from the API will populate top-level `event` and `location` fields with the contents of the first event filter in the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Backwards compatibility

- The response from all query APIs of `listeners` will populate top-level `event` and `location` fields
    - The first entry from the `filters` array is duplicated to these fields
- On input to create a new `listener` the `event` and `location` fields are supported
    - They function identically to supplying a `filters` array with a single entry
- The `signature` field is preserved at the top level
   - The format has been changed as described above
   - When multiple filters exist the signature contains multiple signature strings, concatenated with `;`
```

Validated from https://github.com/hyperledger/firefly/blob/44ab1c72ffa5e47aa06746492b6bd4e72db7288b/internal/contracts/manager.go#L960

As an aside, I came across a confusingly named function on my travels (which has nothing to do with functions, which don't have an `indexed` `bool`):
https://github.com/hyperledger/firefly/blob/44ab1c72ffa5e47aa06746492b6bd4e72db7288b/internal/blockchain/ethereum/ethereum.go#L1021C6-L1021C33

Reviewer 2: Yes, seems like `ABIMethodToIndexedSignature` does double duty by helping to parse both methods and events...
